HIS ROYAL FLYNESS: A Courtship by Committee (hackUMBC 2026)

A party game for 4 players: one laptop screen plus four phones on the same Wi-Fi.
Three players each fly one axis of Prince Hamlet, a fruit fly; the fourth, the Royal Seer,
senses the world through his real nervous system (all 166,606 neurons of the MaleCNS v1.0 connectome).

YOU NEED
  - Python 3.11 or newer  (https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  - Godot 4.3, standard version, for the main screen  (https://godotengine.org/download/archive/4.3-stable/)
    Mac: put Godot.app in Applications. Windows: leave the Godot .exe in Downloads or on the Desktop.
    Without Godot, the launcher opens a simpler main screen in your browser.
  - Four phones on the same Wi-Fi as the laptop (no app to install).

PLAY
  1. Open a terminal in this folder:
       Mac:      open Terminal, type  cd  and a space, drag this folder into the window, press Enter.
       Windows:  open this folder, click the address bar, type  cmd  and press Enter.
  2. Start the game:
       Mac:      python3 play.py
       Windows:  py play.py
     The first run installs the game's Python packages and prepares the art (a minute or two).
     Starting it this way avoids the "unsafe file" warnings that downloaded scripts get.
  3. The main screen opens. Choose "Enter the Court".
  4. Everyone scans the QR code (or opens the link shown) and picks a seat.
  5. Press Enter to begin. Keep the terminal open while you play; type q then Enter there to quit.

KEYS ON THE MAIN SCREEN
  Enter / Space   start, next line       A   auto-play cutscenes on/off
  S               skip a cutscene        B   Hamlet's full-size brain
  R               restart a stage        F6  the Royal Decree (what's real, what's assumed)
  H               (end card) home        F11 fullscreen
  In the terminal: c then Enter = the scrambled Changeling brain, t then Enter = the True Prince again.

CREDITS
  MaleCNS v1.0 connectome: Berg et al., Cell (2026). HHMI Janelia FlyEM, Google Research,
  University of Cambridge and the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology. CC-BY 4.0.
  The data/ folder holds files we derived from it (the wiring graph and neuron table).
  Fonts: SIL Open Font License (host/assets/fonts).
  Code: github.com/8002panch/his-royal-flyness
  Team: Neil, Arnav, Ved, Anshul.
